Updates FAQs (#6)
BeamMP/Docs: docs/en/support/server-faq.md

---
#### **How can I setup my own servers**

> All the information to setup your own server can be found [here](https://docs.beammp.com/server/create-a-server/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the information to set up your own server can be found [here](https://docs.beammp.com/server/create-a-server/).
```

---
#### **How can I setup my own servers**

All the information to setup your own server can be found [here](https://docs.beammp.com/server/create-a-server/).

---
#### **Can you make a server using linux?**

We provide binaries for many Linux distributions [here](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server/releases/latest). If there are no binaries for your distribution, you can build it yourself you can do it by downloading the source on our [GitHub](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server), a tutorial can be found [here](https://github.com/BeamMP/BeamMP-Server#build-instructions).

---
## **Miscellaneous**

---
#### **Where can I find the code?**

All the source code can be found on our [GitHub](https://github.com/BeamMP).

> Before doing anything keep in mind that the code is under [Terms of Use](https://forum.beammp.com/t/terms-of-use-v1-0/43).

Reviewer 2: see other comment
